Let's hear it!
As we near the end of the annual
Miss Coffee and Guava Pageant.
we'd like to thank our sponsor.
Guzmán Farms!
And our honorable judge.
Mr. Joaquín Guzmán!
Clap your hands. damn it!
Ladies and gentlemen.
allow me to introduce our final eight...
Araceli. Guadalupe. Brenda. Selene. Alma
and Dalia. Rosario. Magdalena. Come on!
Let's hear it!
They don't make ladies
like this outside Sinaloa!
Master!
Boss. There was some
trouble in the desert.
No. I took care of that.
It's good. man.
Listen to me. Chapo.
Palma and Azul are outside.
Come on.
A round of applause!
How tall are you. girl?
- One meter. seventy.
- Very big!
Number ten's the queen.
Got it?
Got it.
Come on!
What the fuck happened. Arturo?
Our truck
was at the Imperial Valley border.
but it didn't cross.
Some shit about the tax.
I fucking paid the tax. Azul!
They said you didn't.
Who said?
Benjamín?
Someone did.
So the load didn't go through?
Truck got turned around. sent home.
Easy...
Just got it washed.
What are we gonna do?
We'll talk to Benjamín.
Make sure this doesn't happen again.
How?
It's time...
we get our own piece of the border.
Sure.
Maybe they'll just
give us Tijuana.
Or we just fucking take it.
Settle down. Chapo.
We needed that money. Azul!
No. man.
What we "need" is a plan.
Tijuana in the '90s.
We took rich kids
running wild to a new level.
Kitty!
- Hey. babe!
How's it going?
You look pretty.
Thanks.
Their parents
were the city's elite.
So it made sense
for the Arellanos to get friendly
with the kids they met
in Tijuana's nightclubs.
Even cut them in on the business.
For bored private school boys.
it was a front row seat to the action.
A chance to play gangster.
Hey. babe.
gotta do something for Ramón.
Pull over.
Okay. but don't be long...
We called them Narcojuniors.
And they basically did
whatever they wanted.
Table in back. Blue shirt.
Hey. Lupita.
What's up?
- Hi. Romeo.
- What's up. Lupita? How's it going?
Good. you?
Relax.
Move it -
Move the damn car!
- I'm going.
- Let's go! Let's go!
You got home late last night?
Sorry about that.
It's okay.
I got you something.
Come on. put it on.
How does it look?
It's pretty bad.
So. I guess my head's going to freeze.
- You want eggs?
- Yeah. Sure.
Me. too. I'll take mine over easy.
I'll let Mr. Hoyodan
know you came by.
Please tell him
I'll keep coming back till he talks to me.
Thank you.
Andréa Nuñez?
Yes?
From La Voz?
Yes.
You're the one writing nasty things
about good boys.
Your sons and their friends
nearly killed a kid for Ramón Arellano.
I find that hard to believe.
You shouldn't.
Your husband's paying his hospital bills.
You should write
about something worthwhile.
We won't be needing this.
Good morning.
God damn it!
Wake the hell up -
Who was at the door?
Nobody.
Sweetheart...
So. He's awake. At last.
How'd you sleep?
I see you're still busy freeloading.
And you're still busy being an asshole.
Sometimes ideas come
at strange times.
When you have nothing left to lose.
And the idea Amado had was big.
It would change drug trafficking forever.
Instead of viewing his cartel as a whole.
he divided it into parts.
Each fulfilling a different role.
Disconnected.
None knowing the other even existed.
It's called a cell system.
So. if one part goes down...
the music keeps playing.
All of it running through
just one man: Amado.
For all anyone else would know.
the coke got to where it was needed
by fucking magic.
But to do all that. he needed help.
First. someone he could trust to clean up
the mess his old partner left behind.
His brother. Vicente.
Brought in from Sinaloa.
He was only really good at one thing.
But it's the thing Amado needed.
Fucking cool. man -
Lot bigger than home.
Home was a fucking shack.
Amado's dream
also required organization.
Someone to handle logistics.
Jerrardo Corral
had a finance degree from El Paso.
where he'd embezzled two million
from his father-in-law's
construction company.
He liked numbers.
Your suppliers
aren't gonna be happy -
Keep building. I'll talk to Cali.
Only problem was.
until his new system was in place.
Amado wasn't moving anything at all.
You snored so much last night.
Well. just toss a pillow...
All night long.
What's up. guys?
Your brother's awake.
Good morning!
Sorry.
Good morning. Ramón.
Looks like you slept well.
Hear about Sinaloa?
What about Sinaloa?
No. Ramón.
Some shit in the Imperial Valley.
You have anything to do with it?
No way. It's the desert.
I don't like sand.
You coming to the racetrack?
No.
Mín enjoys these meetings.
He'll handle it.
Claudio and I
are going to Puerto Vallarta early.
Before Benjamín's party.
I should get to the office.
- You're leaving?
- Yes.
Love you.
Come on.
I'll give you a ride.
Nice speedo.
Don't you want to change first?
No. screw that.
Look. we been
straight with Tijuana.
Paid their tax.
We're playing by the rules. Mayo.
No shit.
And they keep fucking with us!
Sounds messy.
That's a lot of shrimp. man.
Go on.
Hell yeah.
Nice!
All we want is more bread on the table.
That's all.
Bread?
Don't look like you need more bread. Azul.
My muscles are just resting. man.
Listen. Mayo. We all have a bottom line.
We aren't hitting ours.
Not even close.
Got six months before we're done.
You're in a tough spot.
Sinaloa needs a border.
Our own border...
with our own rules.
No more bullshit from Tijuana.
Which border would that be?
The Imperial Valley.
The fucking desert?
From Mexicali to Nogales.
It's a drive. if you get across...
It's worth it.
We'll make it work.
But could use your help
selling the idea to Benjamín.
C'mon Mayo...
Partner with us.
Join Sinaloa.
I've done fine by myself.
Your debt to the Arellanos
says something else.
If we can count on you.
we'd make that 20 million hurt less.
Gonna pass. Güero.
But I will set up a meeting.
The family's going south
for Benjamín's birthday.
Talk to him there.
Make your deal.
That works.
And when I need
a desert crossing. we'll talk.
Fucking Mayo.
You going to this birthday party?
Nah. gotta keep an eye
on the boats.
Hey. Julian.
Here. Chapo.
Free of charge.
Very kind.
See you later.
Thanks. Capi.
Hey. Mills.
Yeah?
Anything come in from Juárez today?
Jack shit. Same as yesterday.
It's our hope this impending
free trade agreement's a game-changer
enabling a new level of cooperation
between US and Mexican law enforcement.
Now. this deal effectively creates
one of the world's largest free trade...
Border keeps getting bigger
and my budget keeps
changing not one fucking bit.
In fact. statistical models
we've run have shown...
What's up?
Got a possible CI I want to run by you.
They reached out?
Not exactly.
Now. does anybody have any questions?
Where do I fucking begin?
How's Dani?
She's great.
She got a new job offer.
Good for her. it's good for you. right?
Yeah. I mean. it's good for her.
Across the river. huh?
Yes. sir.
Worth the effort?
Yeah. that's a question
for the El Paso station.
- El Paso. are you there?
- Be careful.
El Paso?
You got El Paso.
Uh... Mind repeating?
Dipshits.
Not a crime to be rich.
Seem to not like these people.
I don't.
My father worked his entire life -
Never got close to sitting at the same
restaurant as these fucking people.
What you get
for following the rules.
There's Hodoyan -
Put on your seatbelt.
Son of a bitch.
Calm down.
Follow him.
No shit.
- Go easy. okay?
- Fuck your mother. Isaac.
Here we go.
A racetrack casino.
This guy seem like
the dog-racing type to you?
Holy shit.
- Get a shot of him.
- Okay. okay. okay.
We've been asking ourselves... why?
Why are the city's elite
associating with drug traffickers?
Why are these "Narcojuniors"
running around with Ramón Arellano?
Why?
'Cause the Arellanos
are bankrolling Tijuana.
Funding development
projects with drug profits.
The parents don't care what their kids do...
'cause it gets them closer to the money.
That's quite speculative.
This doesn't mean anything.
It means Tijuana's biggest land developers
met with Benjamín Arellano Félix.
Didn't look like the first time. either.
What do they need drug money for?
They're already rich.
Rich people always want more money.
That's why they're rich.
And what do the Arellanos get?
Security. Influence maybe.
The questions you're asking...
La Voz' is the only paper asking them.
You have sources?
I'm working on it.
I'm close.
We need to know how much money.
And how they're distributing it.
Stay on it.
Isabela. What do you have?
Smells like booze.
You guys drinking?
You speak Spanish?
Take out your money.
Money.
Let's go already -
All right.
Okay. assholes.
Come on.
Alright. Fuck off.
Let's renew that insurance!
Nothing but ones. Like a stripper.
This isn't cutting it.
Kids. food. rent.
It'll pick up. Stop bitching. man.
It will? What a load of shit.
How long since we made real money?
- Not since Aguilar went down. right?
- Mmm.
Listen. The guys and me been talking.
Maybe we get our hands on a package.
Sell it ourselves. on the other side.
Fuck no. Not how it works.
I know. but fuck.
Things are changing.
Don't be an asshole.
♪ I was happy ♪
♪ They were lonely nights ♪
♪ With you... ♪
Victor Tapia.
You work patrol out of central. right?
Sorry...
I don't speak English.
Spare me
the "no hablo" bullshit.
I know you've got business on both sides.
Who says?
DEA following a Juárez recruit.
Few months back.
you had a tough night in El Paso.
One of your guys. Luis Sato.
he didn't make it home.
You left one of your boys
on the other side of the river. Victor.
I don't know him.
Sato flashed his Juárez Police ID
on his other guys.
There were three other passengers
and you were one of them.
Since when did the DEA
start caring about dead Mexican cops?
Hey. assholes just
taking down other assholes.
That's the game.
Happy to forget all about it.
if we come to an arrangement.
A cop like you.
he hears things and he sees things.
- A cop like me?
- Yeah. a cop just like you.
If you call me from time to time...
You're looking for a girlfriend.
We already know Amado's running Juárez.
I just need to know
how he's doing it and who's helping.
Amado who? Never heard of him.
Your shit got messy.
If you fuck with me.
it's going to get a lot worse.
I don't know. man.
To be honest with you.
I don't use the phone that much.
- It's expensive.
- Mmm.
Number's on the card.
- Call me.
- Okay.
'Cause I sure as fuck
don't want to come back here.
What are you looking for. huh?
Really.
I told you. I want intel
on Amado Carillo Fuentes...
Amado.
You want to know about Amado?
I'm going to tell you about Amado.
Amado wakes up.
he puts his fucking pants on
and goes out into the world.
He doesn't get what he needs.
I bet he motherfucking takes it.
So. this guy you're looking for.
he kind of sounds like you.
Go home. Walt Breslin.
Whatever you're looking for.
it isn't fucking here.
May I advise you something?
I'll give you a call. Hmm?
Okay.
You're not even moving
what we're giving you.
and now you want less?
It's temporary.
I'm reorganizing.
You killed your partner
and you didn't have a plan?
I've got a plan. man.
Seems like a pretty bad one.
Felix goes down.
everything falls apart?
Nothing's falling apart. man.
Tell the brothers
that it will be worth the wait.
No.
What's up. Pacho? What do I have to do?
I don't have time for this.
You're out.
I need someone else to move Cali product.
The Arellanos have asked for more.
The Arellanos?
Only way my coke goes to someone else
is over my dead body.
Just don't fuck up
my carpet with your dead body.
Business is business. Amado.
Good luck. man.
It's pretty good.
Look at these guys.
Came all the way to Puerto Vallarta.
Good to see you.
Help yourselves. Güero. Chapo.
We're good. thanks.
Happy birthday. Benjamín.
Forty years old already?
Yeah. 40. That's right.
Life goes by quick.
Come on. let's sit.
Thank you.
By the way.
That misunderstanding in the desert...
Don't know what went wrong over there.
Of course. we know.
But that "misunderstanding"
cost us a lot of money. Benjamín.
Yeah. I imagine it did.
Unfortunate.
Okay. well. it can't happen again.
Come on. Chapo.
You know this business
is unpredictable. right?
We understand.
And we have a way around that.
Going forward.
Let's hear it.
We want that border.
The Imperial Valley.
It's nothing to you.
but for us it's enough.
You want the desert?
We want to buy the desert.
You got the money for that?
If it's a fair price. yes.
We'll make it work.
Look.
This is what we're gonna do.
We'll give it to you.
At three million a year. for two years.
After that. we renegotiate.
Hold on.
You'll rent it to us?
Thing is. Benjamín -
we want the border.
Free and clear.
Can't do that. Güero.
You lease it. we're hands off.
Do what you want with it.
What happens
if you change your mind in two years?
I could sell it to you
and still change my mind.
What's the difference?
That the best you can do?
That's the best we can do.
Okay.
If that's what it is.
That's what it is.
Glad we could work this out.
The pleasure was mine. Benjamín.
As always.
Thanks. Benjamín.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
Hey. guys.
I've got a little party happening later.
We heard.
Come by.
Ramón planned it.
Sounds good.
Why'd you invite them. man?
Gonna take a swim with Claudio.
Sure. girl.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
What the fuck is this?
Give me another chance
to convince you. Pacho.
Gonna hurt my feelings. man.
You know this dude?
I need a minute. Everything's fine.
We've all got jobs to do.
You're not doing yours.
It's that simple.
When your coke leaves Colombia.
you're asking yourself.
will it get where it needs to...
or will one fuckup ruin everything?
Okay.
What I'm building
puts a bullet in all that.
Only thing you'll need to worry about
is - will people stop doing cocaine?
Prison gave you time to think.
Wasn't prison.
My daughter.
She was born with bad luck.
It caught up with her.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't imagine.
I couldn't either. Till I had to.
When you get the choice to live.
you better fucking do it.
What do people get wrong?
They think they can hide from bad luck.
But that's bullshit.
'Cause bad luck always comes.
Sooner or later. but it comes.
My way doesn't avoid it. it contains it.
So when it comes. none of that
bad luck gets back to you and me.
But it needs to be built right. man.
And to build it right... takes time.
How much you need?
Give me two months.
You've got one.
God only had a week.
I'll talk to my associates.
♪ Guadalajara. Guadalajara! ♪
Mín! Mín!
Mín.
What does Enedina want?
For me to dance or something?
- Well. you should.
- Come on.
Hey.
It's been used by three presidents.
Oh. Wow.
You're a good man. Benjamín.
No.
I'm nothing without you.
This is beautiful.
I'm glad you like it.
Thank you.
I love you.
I'm gonna take her.
She's not feeling well.
Sounds good.
I won't be late tonight.
Okay.
You should say something.
No.
Come on. Mín!
You're not wearing
this tie to the nightclub. right?
It's so ugly.
Thought I'd skip that.
Go back to the room with you.
Go have fun
with the boys at the club.
And when you get back...
we'll use this.
Quiet. Quiet.
Look at this.
Well.
I look around and...
I see family.
And I see love.
I see a bright future.
Today. I turn 40.
I can't help but wonder.
what will the world look like at fifty?
I know God has great plans for us.
Big plans for all of us.
To family!
Cheers!
For the Arellano Félix family.
Long live Tijuana!
Cheers!
Bravo!
We ready to go?
Meet back in Culiacán when I'm done.
All right.
Didn't tell me
how your meeting went today.
Huh?
You didn't tell me how your meeting went.
Pretty good.
I have to go.
I'll meet you back here in a few hours.
What?
I'm not going to the party?
No.
I'm not staying long.
Don't be like that. baby.
Be back before you know it.
Put on one of the dresses I got you.
Wanna fuck you with your crown on later.
What are you doing here so late?
I don't know.
All right.
well. see you later. brother.
What do you think?
I think Dani is a good woman.
Shit.
- Probably too good for me.
- Hey.
Don't second guess what she wants.
Makes you look bad.
It's going to be tough to lose you.
All right.
I'll put it through
to Chicago first thing.
Okay.
I appreciate it.
I do.
You bet.
- All right. then.
- All right.
♪ To find ♪
♪ Peace of mind ♪
Hey. Brandon -
Late for all this noise.
What's up?
Some dead girl. Young. Dumped over there.
DO NOT CROSS
Recognize her?
No.
They said it was weird. but...
Just get her out of here.
Hey. where you taking her?
La Paz morgue.
Same as the one from last night.
Last night?
Yeah. man.
Same kinda shit.
These girls gotta stop
walking alone or whatever.
Cheers. assholes!
Put 'em on the table.
Oh. my God!
Hey. man. I wanna tell you something -
Come here.
You ever make Enedina sad. or angry...
I'll cut your balls off.
You've seen Enedina when she gets angry?
And you're worried about her. not me?
Fuck. he's right.
Good answer.
Last one. Then we can get outta here.
Where the hell you going?
And where are your Sinaloan friends?
You missing them?
We're partying. You're not leaving
till your surprise. man.
Stop bitching. C'mon. old man.
Got a present for you.
Let's go!
Check this shit out.
Happy birthday!
What do you like best?
The boat or the girls?
That's for me?
Yeah. Life's good. bro!
Thank you. Ramón!
Unreal...
Give 'em something to fuck off.
All of it.
Asshole!
Boss. We spotted them.
Second floor -
across from the entrance.
Wait for my word. got it?
Copy that.
We're inside.
Fuck!
Let's go to the exit. asshole!
Come on!
Chapo!
See him?
Where's Barron?
Here!
Let's move!
Let's get out of here!
Barron.
what the fuck's happening -
Francisco!
Let's go!
Go. Keep moving!
Quickly! Stand up. They're coming!
He won't stop bleeding!
Claudio!
Motherfucker!
He's heading up.
This way! This way!
Fuck!
Fucking Chapo!
Hey! Up ahead! More are coming!
Let's go!
Barron!
Hurry up!
Hurry.
Let's get outta here.
Now. Chapo! The Feds are coming!
Everyone to the exit!
Let's go!
Mama.
What happened?
- We need to go home.
- Why are we leaving?
- Sonia!
- I'm coming.
Everything's okay.
Take Mom. I'll see you downstairs.
All together. madam.
Out. everyone!
Madam. please. it doesn't matter.
This way. Miss.
Cars are out front.
Go with him in the back.
Go in the back.
Let's go! Let's go!
Ruth!
Let's go!
- You're bleeding.
- It's from Francisco. Go over there!
- Go over there!
- Get in!
- Get the hell out of here.
- Hurry up!
Claudio?
Dina... Dina...
Dina. Let's go.
What are we still doing here?
Let's go!
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Where's Claudio -
Claudio...
Ready!
Let's go!
I want...
their heads.